Python: Add support for AutoGen's 0.2 ConversableAgent (#10607)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: python/semantic_kernel/agents/autogen/README.md

## AutoGen Conversable Agent (v0.2.X)

Semantic Kernel Python supports running AutoGen Conversable Agents provided in the 0.2.X package.

### Limitations

Currently, there are some limitations to note:

- AutoGen Conversable Agents in Semantic Kernel run asynchronously and do not support streaming of agent inputs or responses.
- The `AutoGenConversableAgent` in Semantic Kernel Python cannot be configured as part of a Semantic Kernel `AgentGroupChat`. As we progress towards GA for our agent group chat patterns, we will explore ways to integrate AutoGen agents into a Semantic Kernel group chat scenario.

### Installation

> Install the `semantic-kernel` package with the optional `autogen` dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the `semantic-kernel` package with the `autogen` extra:
```
